CODEPEN LINK: https://codepen.io/biancaspindler/pen/QWNRprz?editors=1100

	1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is the correct use of HTML to reinforce the meaning of content on a web page, rather than merely define its appearance.
    	2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is used to create electronic documents (called pages) that are displayed on the World Wide Web.
    	3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element such as width and height of an image. Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element such as width and height of an image. 
    	4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
Used for a header and should only be used once.
    	5. Name two tags that have required attributes
src, alt
    	6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<html>
    	7. What is an id? 
The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element (the value must be unique within the HTML document).
    	8. What elements can I add an id to? 
all
    	9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
ID's should be unique, so you should only use a particular ID once on a page.
    	10. What is a class? 
The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.
    	11. What elements can I add a class to? 
div
    	12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
There is no technical limit
    	13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
just add a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags). Now when your visitors click that link, it will open in a new window or tab 
    	14. What is the alt attribute in the i054mage tag used for?
 The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed.
    	15. How do I reference an id?
with a #
    	16. What is the difference between a section and a div
The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. whereas: The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document.
    	17. What is CSS used for? 
designing a website
    	18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
with a period
    	19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I 	might use each one
The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one. 
    	20. How do we select classes in CSS?
with a period
    	21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human
    	22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    	23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar
    	24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.
    	25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Use the line-height property in CSS to do so.
    	26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Use the letter-spacing property
    	27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
The text-transform CSS property specifies how to capitalize an element's text. It can be used to make text appear in all-uppercase or all-lowercase, or with each word capitalized.
    	28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
use the border property and choose border/dotter, then change the color property
    	29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
    	30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
<--!
    	31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
looking at the command line 
    	32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current 	folder?
The path at the start of the Command Prompt input line always indicates your current directory. Once you're in a directory, use the dir command to view the files and folders within. Type dir to get a list of everything in your current directory
    	33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with 	this? 
rm command, it goes forever no way to get it back
    	34. Why should I use version control? 
Version control helps teams solve these kinds of problems, tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting.
    	35. How often should I commit to github?
After you make significant change
    	36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin first-last
    	37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
git clone, add, status, commit, push
Stretch Questions

    	1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
Formatting. By default, inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements, on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur (although, as usual, this can be changed using CSS)
    	2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
An absolutely positioned element no longer exists in the normal document layout flow. Instead, it sits on its own layer separate from everything else
    	3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have 	the ability to give it a width? 
You simply take that element off the document flow by setting position: absolute , and leave it's breaking point move freely with the dynamic flow of content by not specifying the left top right and bottom style properties which will be forcing it to use the relative endpoint of the flow dynamically.    	
	4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display 	inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
div and p, inline is img
    	5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in 	other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
The box model places all html elements into boxes.